Legal matter
============

Copyright notice and proprietary information
--------------------------------------------

© 2020 Silexica GmbH. All rights reserved. This software documentation contains
confidential and proprietary information that is the property of Silexica GmbH.
The software documentation is furnished under a license agreement and may be
used or copied only in accordance with the terms of the license agreement. No
part of the software documentation may be reproduced, transmitted, or
translated, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, manual,
optical, or otherwise, without prior written permission of Silexica GmbH, or as
expressly provided by the license agreement.

Destination control statement
-----------------------------

All technical data contained in this publication is subject to the export
control laws of the German Federal Republic. Disclosure to nationals of other
countries contrary to Germany law is prohibited. It is the reader’s
responsibility to determine the applicable regulations and to comply with them.

Disclaimer
----------

SILEXICA GMBH, MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD
TO THIS MATERIAL, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Trademarks
----------

Silexica and certain Silexica product names are trademarks of Silexica GmbH.
All other product or company names may be trademarks of their respective
owners.

Third-Party links
-----------------

Any links to third-party websites included in this document are for your
convenience only.  Silexica does not endorse and is not responsible for such
websites and their practices, including privacy practices, availability, and
content.

Silexica GmbH
-------------

| Lichtstr. 25
| 50825 Cologne, Germany
| www.silexica.com
